[Beeping]
More Metarex!
Chao chao!
Somebody's in trouble.
We're getting a signal.
There's a Chaos Emerald
somewhere aboard that craft.
They're in great danger.
If what Chris says is true,
then those Metarex
will stop at nothing
to get what they want.
We must help them.
She's right.
Whaddaya say, Chris?
Okay!
As captain, I hereby
veto that plan.
We have our safety to think about.
Later kids!
Looks like you're too late, Tails.
Chao!
[Sigh]
Why do they even bother
having a captain anyway.
We'll be on that mystery
ship in no time.
Hope they're okay up there.
Man, they really got
that thing surrounded.
Yeah, you're right.
Looks pretty bad.
Phew!
[Grunt]
Missile launch!
Good shot!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
-Gotta go fast
-Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Hiya, Tails.
Huh?
Hey, how you doing, Cosmo?
[Giggle]
You hungry?
I'm sorry, but I just
don't have time.
This modification
job's a real pain.
I told Chris I'd modify
the energy sequencer
and reconnect it to
the Master Emerald
with a stronger magnetic field,
but if I do that,
the frequencies will
get out of whack.
I suppose I could bypass them
by going directly through the-
Uh, sorry about that.
Didn't mean to get all
geeky on you again.
Aw, don't apologize.
After all, you can't help it if
you're the smartest guy around.
[Chuckling]
CHRIS: Tails! Come
up here right away!
You've gotta see this!
Hm?
[Electricity crackling]
Look at all that energy
swirling around.
I don't like this.
I have a feeling if we go any
further, we might never come out.
I'm with Tails.
Chao chao!
But we just can't
give up on them now.
Okay, I'm gonna chance it.
We're going in.
ALL: Aaaaaah!
I may be able to drag
it out of there.
Activate Typhoon Claw,
and nice and slow.
Roger!
Huh?
That was easier than I thought.
[Laughter]
Sorry to have to cut you off, kids.
CHRIS: It's Decoe!
Correction— That
was Decoe.
Maybe he doesn't want
our help after all.
The Metarex! It's a trap!
Hang on, everybody! I'm
gonna do a fast 180.
[Grunt]
Be careful, Tails!
[All gasping]
Eggman! I should have known
he's joined forces with them.
All hail his royal honorary
Metarex, Dr. Eggman!
Well, Black Narcissus?
What have you got to say?
Don't I at least get a "thank you?"
After all, it was I who lured Team
Sonic into your galactic web.
Not the most difficult
of achievements.
You will learn, Eggman, that I am
not given to displays of gratitude.
Well, just so you know,
they wouldn't be here if it wasn't for
my finely honed genius for deception.
And there are more tricks
where that came from,
just so long as I'm compensated.
Don't worry, Doctor.
You will be.
It's past 1800 hours.
Let's do this, boys.
Launch Operation Swarm immediately!
[Evil laughter]
[Bokkun laughs]
Yeah! Yeah! Get 'em! Get 'em!
Who does that rotund wretch
think he is, anyway?
Now, calm down, Zelkova!
Remember, it was thanks to
Eggman's tactical know-how
that we were able to plan this
operation in the first place.
In addition, the
Master has ordered us
to go along with anything
the doctor says.
You can't be serious!
He's nothing but a fool!
Bokkun singing We're
gonna go crush Sonic!
Attention, Metarex fighter squad.
The great doctor has spoken.
You would think the doctor would
show just an ounce of
decorum, wouldn't you?
What do you mean? He
is the picture of calm.
How can you call that calm?
Just look at him.
DR. EGGMAN & BOKKUN: Go, Eggman! Go,
Eggman! Go, go, go Eggman! Go, Eggman!
I suppose you're right.
He could chill out a bit.
BOKKUN: Go, Metarex!
Oh...
They're closing in, Tails.
CREAM: What do we do?
We can't turn around.
And if we don't, we'll head
straight into that black hole!
Either way, we're in danger!
Okay, I say we forge ahead
and fight as hard as we can.
Typhoon Tornadoes, let's move out.
Hmm. Typhoon Tornadoes?
It's our new team name.
You couldn't think of anything
better than Typhoon Tornadoes?
The whole "Tornado"
thing is so cliché.
Think maybe we could argue
about this later, Amy?
Let's go get 'em!
Ready to launch nitro blasters.
Let's kick it!
[Grunting]
That's three points
for three ships.
Well, that's inconvenient.
Now onto Plan B.
Of course, I haven't exactly
formulated a Plan B.
Have no fear, Doctor.
You see, I have a Plan
B of my own in store.
As do I.
What?!
Ugh!
Well, so do I!
Huh!
Aaah!
[Grunt]
[Cream yelps]
They're blasting their own
fighter planes, Sonic.
Can you believe it, Doctor?
And I thought I was a meanie!
The shield's not working.
They're too strong for us.
They're firing at
anything they can.
I think we should retreat, fast.
But we can't turn back.
We've come too far.
What do you say,
Tails? Do we fight?
We'll use the Power Cannon.
The best thing to do is to aim
directly for the mother ship.
Okay, Tails!
Ready, Cream?
Let's give 'em all we got.
Target lock...
On!
CHRIS: Okay, Sonic, get ready!
Prepare Power Cannon!
Okay, fire!
Let's have some fun.
Star Shield up.
[Crackling]
Ohh!
Sonic!
[Crackling]
Hang on!
[Grunt]
Aahh!
Oh, no! Sonic got zapped out there!
What have I done?
[Crackling]
[Both groaning]
That blast sure did do some
damage to the main engine.
But I think we'll be okay,
just as long as we can keep
it under a certain speed.
We have to conserve
whatever energy we've got
until we can recharge that
Master Emerald, okay, Tails?
Tails?
Huh?
You doing okay?
Uh... yeah... I'm okay, Chris.
That floating playground of
theirs is still chugging along.
Quite impressive.
Perhaps. But not for long.
The Star Shield will deactivate
within five minutes.
We will then launch a full-scale
attack against them.
Oh, no! We're getting
a danger signal!
What now?
I'm not so sure the Typhoon can make
it through another attack, Tails.
Oh...
I... I'm not worthy to be captain.
I'm just not.
Tails, come back! [Gasp]
[Panting]
I'm back!
BOTH: Doctor! Thank
goodness you're okay!
We were beginning to worry
that something had happened.
After all, those Metarex guys
are pretty tough cookies.
Well, they may be tough, but they
got nothing on the big boss man.
Oh stifle that idiotic
chattering, will you?
Aww.
This is serious.
Hmm.
Tails, please wait.
How could I do something so stupid?
Tails, you can't blame
yourself for what happened.
It's because of me Sonic
and Knuckles are hurt.
Face it...
I don't have the right to call
myself captain of anything.
How can you say that, Tails?
Nobody but you could be
captain, and you know it.
I'm just a big failure.
Not in my eyes, you're not.
Just think of the
hundreds the times
you've helped your friends
when they were in trouble.
I've never known anyone
as brave as you.
Really?
Just think of all the times you've
saved your friends from danger.
I'm proud to be under the command
of such a noble captain.
Hey, thanks!
Howdy, kid!
You and your pals getting ready
for the big, bad showdown?
We're ready for anything you
and those Metarex dish out.
Just try us!
Hmm.
Who'd have thought such big talk
could come from such a small fry?
Where's our boy Sonic, by the way?
Nursing an aching
noggin, I presume?
Hmm.
Well, while Nurse Amy is bandaging
up that blockhead of his,
here's a little bit
of news for you.
You have five minutes till
that Typhoon's toast.
Now, if I were in your place, kid,
I'd say farewell to
my little friends,
'cause this is gonna be a blast!
[Evil laughter]
Now what do we do?
I don't know.
TAILS: It's okay, gang.
I got it under control.
Huh?
We've got five minutes left,
and that's five minutes to win.
Tails, you're back!
Now, let's take a
look at this data
and see how we can beat 'em.
That sounds great, Tails.
Chao chao chao chao!
If we can somehow reverse
the direction of the spin,
then it's possible to create
a new magnetic field—
one that's the direct
opposite of the first one.
But what if we get
sucked inside of there?
It may be tough,
but it's the only chance we've got.
We'll just have to give it every
ounce of energy we possibly can.
There's just one problem
we haven't thought about...
In order to reverse
the magnetic field,
we'd have to use Ring Tunnel,
but with Sonic knocked
out, there's just no way.
SONIC: Who are you
calling knocked out?
Ha!
I'm not exactly down for
the count yet, Tails.
When my captain needs me,
nothing's gonna stop me
from giving all I've got.
Ha!
Then let's do it, you guys!
Sonic is plotting something.
I'll give them this—
They sure don't give up easily.
[Chuckle]
Hmm.
I checked the Master
Emerald, Tails.
It's stable.
Great. Keep your eye on it.
Emerald stabilized!
Chris, we're ready when you are.
Go ahead and activate Ring Tunnel.
Aye-aye!
Ring Tunnel!
Star Shield deactivating in
5... 4... 3... 2... 1!
Nothing's happening, Tails.
Now I'm scared.
Chao!
This is gonna work.
After all, I'm a captain.
[Crackling]
Aaaah!
Sonic, no!
Sonic, I'm here.
What are you waiting
for, you imbeciles?
The enemy has broken through.
Fire! Fire!
The firebombs are heading
right toward us—
Thousands of them!
Less than 30 seconds 'til they hit.
Tails, what now?!
A good captain always
believes in himself.
They're counting on you, Tails!
Steady, Tails.
Concentrate.
Hmm. Huh? Huh?
Okay, let's bring her in
slow and steady, gang.
Now hang on real tight.
[Crackling]
We're losing engine power, Tails!
It's the Master Emerald.
[Struggling]
I... gotta get... to
the Master Emerald...
[Grunting]
Let this work, please!
AMY: Aaaaah!
The... Seven Chaos Emeralds...
are the servers.
[Beeping]
Chaos is the power!
Chaos is the power
enriched by the heart!
Aaah!
How could this happen?
Unacceptable!
Let's vamoose behind
the mother ship.
That baby's about to blow.
[Crackling]
We did it!
Ah!
Oh!
Ahh!
I just... wanted to tell
you guys how sorry I am.
Sorry?
If it weren't for you,
none of us would be here.
Thanks, buddy.
Yeah thanks, pal—I mean, Captain
Thanks, you guys.
You're the best.